Enable TLS when the server is created (#87)
friendsofgo/killgrave: README.md

The `watcher` configuration field is optional, with this setting you can enable hot-reloads on imposter changes. Disabled by default.

> The `secure` option by default is false, but if you want to run your server using TLS options with a dummy certificates, you could enable
> this option, then the mockserver be able to work with `HTTPS` protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `secure` configuration field is optional, with this setting you can run your server using TLS options with a dummy certificate, so to make it work with the `HTTPS` protocol. Disabled by default.
```
